WELCOME TO LITTLE BIG ADVENTURE!

In designing and making this game, we have tried to maintain a certain
philosophy of gameplay based on the following points:

An easy to use interface that lets the player concentrate on the game, not
the controls, but which also allows for a deep and rich gameplay experience.

Maximum interaction with the game enviroment. This includes interaction with
the background, as well as the different characters. The player is not stuck
on a single path through the game, and the choices you make truly affect the
enviroment and the outcome of the game.

In tone, we have striven to produce a realistic, yet slightly cartoonish
enviroment. We hope this enhances the player's enjoyment of the game, and
intensifies the story's interesting mix of humour and drama.

Little Big Adventure is a strange and mysterious journey through a surreal
and dangerous world. You take the role of Twinsen, a young Quetch entreated
in a dream by the Goddess Sendell to come to your planet's rescue. It is your
destiny to restore peace and harmony to your world. You begin your quest
imprisoned in an asylum. From the start it is difficult to know whom to trust
or where to go. The tyrant Dr. Funfrock has taken over your home planet of
Twinsun and has imposed his brutal methods of control over the entire
population. His primary weapons are his ability to clone different species
and teleport these clones anywhere on the planet. There are four main species
on the planet: Quetches (Twinsen is a member of this pony-tailed group),
Grobos (they look like elephants), Spheros (round little guys) and
Rabibunnies.

All species suffer under his reign of terror, but few are capable of
resistance. You must find those who can help you, travelling great distances
in your quest to save the world and stop the evil Dr. Funfrock. At any moment
your enemies may overtake you, stopping you in your pursuit of the quest. Be
wary and you will find a glorious tribute awaits your success.